http: Compressed response example in Python (#35)
apache/arrow-experiments: http/get_compressed/python/client/README.md

<!---
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

# HTTP GET Arrow Data: Compressed Arrow Data Examples

This directory contains an example of an HTTP client implemented in Python using

> the Compressed Arrow HTTP Server example from the parent directory. The client

Reviewer: making this "a" not "the" since #38 adds a Java one too.
```suggestion
a compressed Arrow HTTP server example from the parent directory. The client
```

> This directory contains an example of an HTTP client implemented in Python using
> the Compressed Arrow HTTP Server example from the parent directory. The client
> makes multiple requests with different headers to negotiate the compression
> algorithm used to transfer Arrow IPC streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains an HTTP client implemented in Python that issues multiple 
requests to one of the server examples implemented in the parent directory,
negotiating different compression algorithms for the Arrow IPC stream data.
```

>     python client.py

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
To run this example, first start one of the compressed server examples in the
parent directory, then:

```sh
pip install pyarrow
python client.py
```
``````
